pages/dev/build/gmp-messages.md, before:

# Call a contract on chain B from chain A

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

To call a contract on chain B from chain A, the user needs to call `callContract` on the gateway of chain A, specifying:

- The destination chain, which must be an EVM chain from [Chain names](./chain-names).
- The destination contract address, which must implement the `IAxelarExecutable` interface defined in [IAxelarExecutable.sol](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-cgp-solidity/blob/main/contracts/interfaces/IAxelarExecutable.sol).
- The payload `bytes` to pass to the destination contract.

```solidity
function callContract(
    string memory destinationChain,
    string memory contractAddress,
    bytes memory payload
) external;
```

`IAxelarExecutable` has an `_execute` function that will be triggered by the Axelar network after the `callContract` function has been executed. You can write any custom logic there.

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal virtual {}
```

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">
  Ensure the payload is encoded `bytes`!
</Callout>

The `payload` passed to `callContract` (and ultimately to `_execute` and `_executeWithToken`) has type `bytes`. Use the ABI encoder/decoder convert your data to `bytes`.

Example of payload encoding in JavaScript (using ethers.js):

```jsx
const { ethers } = require("ethers");

// encoding a string
const payload = ethers.utils.defaultAbiCoder.encode(
  ["string"],
  ["Hello from contract A"]
);
```

Example of payload decoding in Solidity:

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal override {
    // decoding a string
    string memory _message = abi.decode(payload, (string));
}
```

Commit message:

fix: change references to IAxelarExecutable to recommend AxelarExecutable instead
If developers implement the interface directly, they'll need to manually verify the contract call, which is not recommended.
Instead, developers should be extending AxelarExecutable, and only implementing the relevant _execute method.

pages/dev/build/gmp-messages.md, after:

# Call a contract on chain B from chain A

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

To call a contract on chain B from chain A, the user needs to call `callContract` on the gateway of chain A, specifying:

- The destination chain, which must be an EVM chain from [Chain names](./chain-names).
- The destination contract address, which must inherit from `AxelarExecutable` defined in [AxelarExecutable.sol](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-gmp-sdk-solidity/blob/main/contracts/executables/AxelarExecutable.sol).
- The payload `bytes` to pass to the destination contract.

```solidity
function callContract(
    string memory destinationChain,
    string memory contractAddress,
    bytes memory payload
) external;
```

`AxelarExecutable` has an `execute` function that will be triggered by the Axelar network on the destination chain after the `callContract` function has been executed on the source chain. This will validate the contract call and then invoke *your* `_execute` method, where you should write any custom logic.

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal virtual {}
```

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">
  Ensure the payload is encoded `bytes`!
</Callout>

The `payload` passed to `callContract` (and ultimately to `_execute` and `_executeWithToken`) has type `bytes`. Use the ABI encoder/decoder convert your data to `bytes`.

Example of payload encoding in JavaScript (using ethers.js):

```jsx
const { ethers } = require("ethers");

// encoding a string
const payload = ethers.utils.defaultAbiCoder.encode(
  ["string"],
  ["Hello from contract A"]
);
```

Example of payload decoding in Solidity:

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal override {
    // decoding a string
    string memory _message = abi.decode(payload, (string));
}
```
