pages/dev/build/gmp-tokens-with-messages.md, before:


# Call a contract on chain B from chain A and attach some tokens

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

To call chain B from chain A and send some tokens along the way, the user needs to call `callContractWithToken` on the gateway of chain A, specifying:

- The destination chain, which must be an EVM chain from [Chain names](./chain-names).
- The destination contract address, which must implement the `IAxelarExecutable` interface defined in [IAxelarExecutable.sol](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-cgp-solidity/blob/main/contracts/interfaces/IAxelarExecutable.sol).
- The payload `bytes` to pass to the destination contract.
- The symbol of the token to transfer, which must be a supported asset ([Mainnet](../build/contract-addresses/mainnet) | [Testnet](../build/contract-addresses/testnet)).
- The amount of the token to transfer.

As per the snippet below:

```solidity
function callContractWithToken(
    string memory destinationChain,
    string memory contractAddress,
    bytes memory payload,
    string memory symbol,
    uint256 amount
) external;
```

`IAxelarExecutable` has an `_executeWithToken` function that will be triggered by the Axelar network after the `callContractWithToken` function has been executed. You can write any custom logic there.

The destination contract will be authorized to transfer the ERC-20 identified by the `tokenSymbol`.

```solidity
function _executeWithToken(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload,
    string memory tokenSymbol,
    uint256 amount
) internal virtual {}
```

### Example

Suppose our destination contract wants to forward the token it received to a recipient provided in the payload. It could be done this way.

```solidity
function _executeWithToken(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload,
    string memory tokenSymbol,
    uint256 amount
) internal virtual {
    // decode recipient
    address recipient = abi.decode(payload, (address));
    // get ERC-20 address from gateway
    address tokenAddress = gateway.tokenAddresses(tokenSymbol);

    // transfer received tokens to the recipient
    IERC20(tokenAddress).transfer(recipient, amount);
}
```

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">
  Ensure the payload is encoded `bytes`!
</Callout>

The `payload` passed to `callContract` (and ultimately to the `_execute` and `_executeWithToken`) has type `bytes`. Use the ABI encoder/decoder convert your data to `bytes`.

Example of payload encoding in JavaScript (using ethers.js):

```jsx
const { ethers } = require("ethers");

// encoding a string
const payload = ethers.utils.defaultAbiCoder.encode(
  ["string"],
  ["Hello from contract A"]
);
```

Example of payload decoding in Solidity:

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal override {
    // decoding a string
    string memory _message = abi.decode(payload, (string));
}
```

Commit message:

fix: change references to IAxelarExecutable to recommend AxelarExecutable instead
If developers implement the interface directly, they'll need to manually verify the contract call, which is not recommended.
Instead, developers should be extending AxelarExecutable, and only implementing the relevant _execute method.

pages/dev/build/gmp-tokens-with-messages.md, after:


# Call a contract on chain B from chain A and attach some tokens

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

To call chain B from chain A and send some tokens along the way, the user needs to call `callContractWithToken` on the gateway of chain A, specifying:

- The destination chain, which must be an EVM chain from [Chain names](./chain-names).
- The destination contract address, which must inherit from `AxelarExecutable` defined in [AxelarExecutable.sol](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-gmp-sdk-solidity/blob/main/contracts/executables/AxelarExecutable.sol).
- The payload `bytes` to pass to the destination contract.
- The symbol of the token to transfer, which must be a supported asset ([Mainnet](../build/contract-addresses/mainnet) | [Testnet](../build/contract-addresses/testnet)).
- The amount of the token to transfer.

As per the snippet below:

```solidity
function callContractWithToken(
    string memory destinationChain,
    string memory contractAddress,
    bytes memory payload,
    string memory symbol,
    uint256 amount
) external;
```

`AxelarExecutable` has an `executeWithToken` function that will be triggered by the Axelar network on the destination chain after the `callContractWithToken` function has been executed on the source chain. This will validate the contract call and then invoke *your* `_executeWithToken` method, where you should write any custom logic.

The destination contract will be authorized to transfer the ERC-20 identified by the `tokenSymbol`.

```solidity
function _executeWithToken(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload,
    string memory tokenSymbol,
    uint256 amount
) internal virtual {}
```

### Example

Suppose our destination contract wants to forward the token it received to a recipient provided in the payload. It could be done this way.

```solidity
function _executeWithToken(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload,
    string memory tokenSymbol,
    uint256 amount
) internal virtual {
    // decode recipient
    address recipient = abi.decode(payload, (address));
    // get ERC-20 address from gateway
    address tokenAddress = gateway.tokenAddresses(tokenSymbol);

    // transfer received tokens to the recipient
    IERC20(tokenAddress).transfer(recipient, amount);
}
```

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">
  Ensure the payload is encoded `bytes`!
</Callout>

The `payload` passed to `callContract` (and ultimately to the `_execute` and `_executeWithToken`) has type `bytes`. Use the ABI encoder/decoder convert your data to `bytes`.

Example of payload encoding in JavaScript (using ethers.js):

```jsx
const { ethers } = require("ethers");

// encoding a string
const payload = ethers.utils.defaultAbiCoder.encode(
  ["string"],
  ["Hello from contract A"]
);
```

Example of payload decoding in Solidity:

```solidity
function _execute(
    string memory sourceChain,
    string memory sourceAddress,
    bytes calldata payload
) internal override {
    // decoding a string
    string memory _message = abi.decode(payload, (string));
}
```
